=head1 README for Perl extension File-Copy-Recursive-Reduced

File-Copy-Recursive-Reduced is a Perl library which provides subroutines
exported on request which are intended to serve as drop-in replacements for
certain subroutines found in CPAN distribution
L<File-Copy-Recursive|http://search.cpan.org/~dmuey/File-Copy-Recursive-0.40/>
(FCR).

=head2 What Problem Does This Library Address?

Because of certain problems in FCR, it is currently (April 2018) failing to
install on several important operating systems including FreeBSD and Windows.
As a consequence, other CPAN distributions which have a direct or indirect
dependency on File-Copy-Recursive (I<e.g.>, CPAN-Reporter, DateTime,
Dist-Zilla) are failing to install on those platforms as well.

Such failures are "silent" in the sense that CPANtesters installations
generate no report authors when a distribution's upstream dependencies fail to
install.  No report to the CPANtesters database means no email notification to
CPAN authors.  So many authors may be unaware that their distributions are
currently failing to install on important platforms.

A patch has been submitted to address the problems in FCR.  However, until it
is applied and a new CPAN release made, consumers of FCR should consider using
the replacement functions exported by File-Copy-Recursive-Reduced.

=head2 Install

This library can be installed in the customary way, I<i.e.,> by a CPAN
installer program such as F<cpan> or F<cpanm> or by satisfying its
prerequisites (Capture::Tiny and Path::Tiny, for the test suite only) and then
calling:

    perl Makefile.PL
    make
    make test
    make install

For further information, after installation call C<perldoc
File::Copy::Recursive::Reduced>.

=cut






